Breeze, I am your wife
You bet on me?
Bad dad stinky dad
Hmph Meng Xu Yaoyao
I promise to win 100%
Just because you are a piece of trash still want to win
Daydreaming
Mom, let him gamble
Isn't losing the best of both worlds?
Yes, yes, yes.
I lost, just in time to marry Mengxue to Hu Shaohum
Mengxue got all the state expenses
You are still mine after all
Go away hum
I'd like to see how hard you work
You'll find out soon enough.
Now the world of electronics is not that new.
But at the price of the invention
Made earthquake
So issue an early warning two minutes in advance
Enough time to avoid risk
In my last life, I still soaked this price.
Built into the phone
Made a double-click that can predict natural disasters around the world
It will definitely work this time.
The seismometer is ready.
What is this thing?
Dad, this seismometer is so ugly!
What the hell did this kid make?
I really thought I was a scientist
Breeze, let's not talk about earthquakes
With this crap you made
We want to predict earthquakes.
What a joke.
Haha breeze
Everyone here today is highly refined
At the helm of the company
You make this crap
Do you want to embarrass the Duan family?
Just your broken parts
Can't even achieve the effect of the roar of the alarm?
Fucking predict shit
No, I see you won today
When you marry my sister
But don't forget to marry me
Don't worry.
Breeze, is this okay?
There will be an earthquake here in 25 minutes
And an earthquake warning will be issued 2 minutes in advance
No, the earthquake may have been advanced.
Let's go quickly
It's so easy to stop and go
Didn't you hear that the earthquake was warned?
Go away
Breeze, do you think you made such a junk?
Everyone can believe
He can't just
To achieve the effect of roaring?
What to pack
That is.
I don't think you can prove that the earthquake is coming.
Take the opportunity to take them away or make a travel bet
Stop him for me
Hu Tianyi, if you want to die, I will not stop you
But don't stop me, hurry up and leave
I think it's been two minutes since the earthquake.
Earthquake